Chapter three, step
two, PLD lecture.
>> The program
that we're going
to try to write
for chapter three is
one that asks the
user to enter
a season and a
Fahrenheit temperature.
We're going to continue to
ask them to enter
seasons and
temperatures
until they enter
quit for the season.
>> Here is the
starting code that we
typically see for
our programs.
>> We have a
declaration section,
housekeeping,
while the season is not
some special value call
detailLoop until.
>> And then when
you're done,
call endOfJob.
>> housekeeping, detailLoop
and endOfJob
are all listed below,
waiting for some
code to be added.
>> Notice that our
stop value is quit.
>> It's enclosed
in double quotes.
>> That's how we note
strings in programming.
And the data types for
the first time ever are
going to be string
instead of num